add table of bold parameters (#2180)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/partials/_bold-config-params.mdx

<section class='small-table'>

| Parameter                           | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | Recommended default                                                                                                                                                  |
| ----------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `challengeGracePeriodBlocks`        | Amount of time to wait before a challenge period formally expires, measured in parent chain blocks to allow for the chain owner or security council to intervene to ensure correctness of an assertion                                                                                                                                | 48 hours worth of parent chain blocks                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: It's not `parent chain blocks` (e.g., L3s on top of Arb1 don't use Arb1 blocks). The last term we've been using is "the first non-Arbitrum chain ancestor's block". It's very wordy, so it'd be nice to find an alternative, but it should be accurate.
Another possibility is using "parent chain's notion of block.number", but that's a bit confusing, since readers might think that it's just parent chain's block number.

> | `confirmPeriodBlocks`               | The amount of time that an assertion must exist on the parent chain before it can be confirmed by the protocol, measured in blocks on the parent chain                                                                                                                                                                                | 6.4 days worth of parent chain blocks                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: Same here, "parent chain blocks" is not accurate. We should check the rest of the document (there are other instances of this)

| `challengePeriodBlocks`             | The amount of time that a layer zero edge (otherwise known as a root/refinement node) needs to have accumulated to be confirmed. Usually the same as the `confirmPeriodBlocks`, measured in the number of parent chain blocks                                                                                                         | 6.4 days worth of chain blocks                                                                                                                                       |

> | `stakeToken`                        | Address for the token, on the parent chain, to be used by a validator to become an assertion proposer                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `WETH`: [`0xC02aaA39b223FE8D0A0e5C4F27eAD9083C756Cc2`](https://etherscan.io/address/0xC02aaA39b223FE8D0A0e5C4F27eAD9083C756Cc2)                                      |

Reviewer: Maybe change to "WETH on Ethereum", and add "WETH on ArbitrumOne", as an additional example?

> | `stakeToken`                        | Address for the token, on the parent chain, to be used by a validator to become an assertion proposer                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `WETH`: [`0xC02aaA39b223FE8D0A0e5C4F27eAD9083C756Cc2`](https://etherscan.io/address/0xC02aaA39b223FE8D0A0e5C4F27eAD9083C756Cc2)                                      |

Author: ```suggestion
| `stakeToken`                        | Address for the token, on the parent chain, to be used by a validator to become an assertion proposer                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `WETH`                                      |
```

| `smallStepLeafSize`                 | Maximum number of steps in the "small step" level history committment. The product of `bigStepLeafSize`, `smallStepLeafSize`, and `numBigStepLevel` should equal to the maximum number of WAVM opcodes theoretically possible in the execution of an Arbitrum block, with a small buffer. It is not recommended to change this value. | 2^23                                                                                                                                                                 |
| `numBigStepLevel`                   | Number of "big step" levels. It is not recommended to change this value.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | 1                                                                                                                                                                    |

> | `maxDataSize`                       | Maximum size of data that can be posted onto the parent chain, in KB                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `117964`                                                                                                                                                             |

Author: Where did you get those numbers?
```suggestion
| `maxDataSize`                       | Maximum size of data that can be posted onto the parent chain, in KB                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `117964` for L2s, and `104857` for L3s                                                                                                                                                           |
```

| `bufferConfig.max`                  | The maximum amount of time that the delay buffer can be. More information on how the delay buffer value changes over time and how it is used to calculate the force inclusion window can be found [here](../how-arbitrum-works/03-sequencer.mdx#censorship-timeout)             | 48 hours worth of parent chain blocks                                                                                                                              |
| `bufferConfig.threshold`            | The minimum amount of time that the force inclusion window can be reduced to, in the case of prolonged sequencer censorship and/or unexpected sequencer outages                                                                                                                 | 30 minutes worth of parent chain blocks                                                                                                                            |

> | `bufferConfig.replenishRateInBasis` | The rate at which the delay buffer will replenish linearly                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | 500 (or 5% replenishment rate), meaning that 1 minute will be replenished for every 20 minutes where there are no messages delayed beyond `bufferConfig.threshold` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `bufferConfig.replenishRateInBasis` | The rate at which the delay buffer will replenish linearly                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | 500 (or 5% replenishment rate), meaning that one minute will be replenished for every 20 minutes where there are no messages delayed beyond `bufferConfig.threshold` |
```

> | `validators`                        | An array of addresses that are allowed to post assertions to the parent chain, when BoLD is in permissioned mode (i.e. when `disableValidatorWhitelist` is `true`)                                                                                                              | The list of whitelisted validators allowed to progress the chain (by regularly posting assertions to the parent chain)                                             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `validators`                        | An array of addresses that are allowed to post assertions to the parent chain, when BoLD is in permissioned mode (i.e., when `disableValidatorWhitelist` is `true`)                                                                                                              | The list of whitelisted validators allowed to progress the chain (by regularly posting assertions to the parent chain)                                             |
```

| `excessStakeReceiver`               | The address that confiscated bonds will be sent to. Bonds are confiscated from malicious actors who dispute and lose the interactive fraud proof game                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | The chain owner's address                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

> | `challengeGracePeriodBlocks`        | Amount of time to wait before a challenge period formally expire to allow for the chain owner or security council to intervene to ensure correctness of an assertion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | 48 hours worth of Ethereum blocks for an L2 Arbitrum chain (settling to Ethereum) or an L3 Arbitrum chain settling to Arbitrum One or Arbitrum Nova. If the chain settles to a different type of parent chain, you must its parent chain's blocks                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `challengeGracePeriodBlocks`        | Amount of time to wait before a challenge period formally expire to allow for the chain owner or security council to intervene to ensure correctness of an assertion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | 48 hours worth of Ethereum blocks for an L2 Arbitrum chain (settling to Ethereum) or an L3 Arbitrum chain settling to Arbitrum One or Arbitrum Nova. If the chain settles to a different type of parent chain, it's parent chain's blocks                                                                                                                     |
```
(I think? Not sure what was the sentence you intended to write here) This needs to be updated in other rows as well.

> | `confirmPeriodBlocks`               | The amount of time that an assertion must exist on the parent chain before it can be confirmed by the protocol, measured in blocks on the parent chain                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | 6.4 days worth of Ethereum blocks for an L2 Arbitrum chain (settling to Ethereum) or an L3 Arbitrum chain settling to Arbitrum One or Arbitrum Nova. If the chain settles to a different type of parent chain, you must its parent chain's blocks                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: Should we recommend 7 days instead of 6.4 days?

| `bufferConfig.threshold`            | The minimum amount of time that the force inclusion window can be reduced to, in the case of prolonged sequencer censorship and/or unexpected sequencer outages. The `delayBuffer`, starting from `bufferConfig.max`, is decremented by the difference between a delayed message's delay beyond `bufferConfig.threshold` so it is important to set the threshold to some value greater than the regular batch posting frequency of your chain | 48 hours worth of Ethereum blocks for an L2 Arbitrum chain (settling to Ethereum) or an L3 Arbitrum chain settling to Arbitrum One or Arbitrum Nova. If the chain settles to a different type of parent chain, you must its parent chain's blocks. Please note that this value should be set to be much higher than the regular batch posting frequency of your chain |

> | `bufferConfig.replenishRateInBasis` | The rate at which the delay buffer will replenish linearly                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | 500 (or 5% replenishment rate), meaning that one minute will be replenished for every 20 minutes where there are no messages delayed beyond `bufferConfig.threshold`                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Author: @godzillaba do you think the default `replenishRateInBasis` should be *lower* because of longer batch posting frequencies for Orbit chains in the wild?
